Fix #3828 to update openapi-java document (#3852)
apache/camel-quarkus: extensions/openapi-java/runtime/src/main/doc/usage.adoc

[WARNING]
====

> It's user responsibility to use `@RegisterForReflection` to register all model classes for reflection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's the user's responsibility to use `@RegisterForReflection` to register all model classes for reflection.
```

Author: OK, I will update it.
